docs/useful-links.md, before:


# Useful Links

## Recommended

[wooferzfg's TWW Randomizer Tracker](http://www.wooferzfg.me/tww-rando-tracker/)  
This tool helps you keep track of which locations you've already visited on a seed and tells you which locations locations you have left to check.  

[Official Custom Player Models Pack](https://github.com/Sage-of-Mirrors/Custom-Wind-Waker-Player-Models)  
A pack of dozens of different community-made player character models you can play as in the randomizer.  

## Other Mods

[Hypatia's HD Texture Pack](https://forums.dolphin-emu.org/Thread-hypatia-s-tloz-the-wind-waker-hd-pack-v2-0)

[Female pronoun patch](https://gamebanana.com/mods/51112) (apply to *vanilla* ISO)  
[Gender-neutral pronoun patch](http://www.romhacking.net/hacks/2906/) (apply to *vanilla* ISO)  

[gamemasterplc's Widescreen patch](https://www.dropbox.com/s/5huyf6r3drynq1c/The%20Legend%20of%20Zelda%20The%20Wind%20Waker%20Widescreen.zip?dl=1) (apply to *vanilla* ISO, you can ignore the faulty warning message)

[BetterWW](https://github.com/WideBoner/betterww)  
A program that allows using custom models and other randomizer features in vanilla Wind Waker.

## Guides

[JarheadHME's Randomized Secret Caves Guide](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mPhzoxL0wAPs7-a5Q1tM5AOx5jpb3lx9/view)  
A reference for telling similar Secret Caves apart from one another when you have the Secret Cave Entrance Randomizer enabled.  

## Racing

If you're interested finding other players to race against, you can join the [TWW Randomizer Racing Discord Server](https://discord.gg/HQP3cAF).

There is also a [community wiki](https://twwrando.com/index.php/Main_Page) focused on information related to racing the randomizer.

Commit message:

Add texture customizer to links page

docs/useful-links.md, after:


# Useful Links

## Recommended

[wooferzfg's TWW Randomizer Tracker](http://www.wooferzfg.me/tww-rando-tracker/)  
This tool helps you keep track of which locations you've already visited on a seed and tells you which locations locations you have left to check.  

[Official Custom Player Models Pack](https://github.com/Sage-of-Mirrors/Custom-Wind-Waker-Player-Models)  
A pack of dozens of different community-made player character models you can play as in the randomizer.  

## Other Mods

[Hypatia's HD Texture Pack](https://forums.dolphin-emu.org/Thread-hypatia-s-tloz-the-wind-waker-hd-pack-v2-0)

[Female pronoun patch](https://gamebanana.com/mods/51112) (apply to *vanilla* ISO)  
[Gender-neutral pronoun patch](http://www.romhacking.net/hacks/2906/) (apply to *vanilla* ISO)  

[gamemasterplc's Widescreen patch](https://www.dropbox.com/s/5huyf6r3drynq1c/The%20Legend%20of%20Zelda%20The%20Wind%20Waker%20Widescreen.zip?dl=1) (apply to *vanilla* ISO, you can ignore the faulty warning message)

[BetterWW](https://github.com/WideBoner/betterww)  
A program that allows using custom models and other randomizer features in vanilla Wind Waker.

[Texture Color Customizer](https://github.com/xXVevzZXx/Wind-Waker-texture-customizer/releases)
Allows customizing colors for more models than the randomizer itself does. Only works on Dolphin.

## Guides

[JarheadHME's Randomized Secret Caves Guide](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mPhzoxL0wAPs7-a5Q1tM5AOx5jpb3lx9/view)  
A reference for telling similar Secret Caves apart from one another when you have the Secret Cave Entrance Randomizer enabled.  

## Racing

If you're interested finding other players to race against, you can join the [TWW Randomizer Racing Discord Server](https://discord.gg/HQP3cAF).

There is also a [community wiki](https://twwrando.com/index.php/Main_Page) focused on information related to racing the randomizer.
